don't you guys just hate having your
airpods just hanging out doing
inconvenient things like being in your
pocket wow that was so difficult putting
this in your backpack unimaginable what
if they were inside of your laptop well
that's what we have here today this is
the Juku metat Tumi secret book pro jaku
jaaku ja Jac I'm sorry Billy Billy get
mad at me anyway let's open it up the
the exact name of this is kind of a
mystery if I'm honest uh translate and
the websites and stuff give us different
things it can be any of these I'm going
to go with Seeker book because it makes
me think of the big bug things in balim
and I like
those your hands how do they
work ooh this is powerful here we have
100 wat gallium nitride charger and for
100 WTS that is pretty darn good it
really looks like it's from a Macbook
and uh I appreciate it not bad type c
length of the cable is oh that's not 6
ft 5 ft maybe 1.5 M probably can you
tell this is China only here we go I
know enough to understand this though
plug it in open it up hit the power
button you're good to go heck yeah
ooh o I like this so on the right hand
side here we have a webcam disable
headphone microphone combo Jack and two
us B type A's looks like one of them is
3.0 and the other one is two and
honestly I kind of like having USB 2
around cuz there's so many just older
devices that much prefer it on the Le
hand side we have USB 4 another type A
fulls sizee HDMI and a normal USB type-c
so this is actually a really solid load
out of IO here especially given the size
and weight of this thing is really quite
good let's give it a little little look
here 3.1 lb no not too bad and it feels
quite decent on the back it says metap
and let's open it up one finger ooh no
problem oh this font is cool I dig it
the build quality seems to be fantastic
it appears to be stamped aluminum so
it's very similar to like hp's Envy
lineup and it's shockingly wellb built
but the most shocking thing look look at
this Andy zoom in right here
bam can your laptop do that in here we
have oh how do I do this here are our
earbuds these right here are Bluetooth
paired to the device and they just store
right in your trackpad they're bigger
than I
expected how do how do I
look oh oh why is it so loud it just
yelled pearing at me without the earbuds
in there it looks a little bit strange
but the the thing that I think it looks
the most like is a segue to our sponsor
rocket money thanks rocket money for
sponsoring this video rocket money is
the personal finance app that helps you
cancel subscriptions lower bills and
manage your money better to securely
track your monthly spending and cancel
unwanted or forgotten subscriptions
which means more money for a new laptop
so go to
rocket.com shortcircuit to join the 5
million users they already have and get
saving today all right let's give it a
little power on here wonder if there's a
fingerprint reader in that power button
there is cool we're we're just we're
just going straight into these I can't
wait for this to just get absolutely
filled with junk all of your Cheetos and
I don't know Ramen or what do people eat
in China Andy meta whe earphones why are
they called that also uh this came with
Chinese version of Windows which does
not have any other languages you can
reinstall it and get like English but uh
we didn't it's too bad that you guys
can't hear what I'm
hearing how's
that probably bad okay these are not the
best headphones that I have ever heard
so uh there's a lot of Base heaps of
Base pretty much only Bas the uh mids
are kind of not in existence and the
high hats are super loud but not Airy
like you just get like a sharpness to
them but not the like
that you normally get and that was all
basically confirmed by headphones.com
you can see the graph looks not the best
that we have ever seen also uh they
stopped being paired which is also not
the best I have ever seen given they
come in it am I able to connect these to
my phone it does sound like based off of
me playing it off of my phone that even
though there's a lot of Base it doesn't
go all the way down which is kind of
unfort forunate and he just said that I
should look into these headphones for
video call Quality cuz that is what
they're advertised for and I can
guarantee you that it's pretty mediocre
given that the response is all base and
not a whole lot of mids it's going to be
pretty obscured when you're on a video
conferencing call should we test the
actual speakers while we're here like we
already have crab Rave
[Music]
open yep that's uh
actually pretty clear so not too bad
there but it is certainly uh lacking in
base and volume but I do prefer that to
just it completely distorting at high
volume so not too bad it's usable all
right what are we actually working with
here though cuz other than that gimmick
which is I would definitely say a
gimmick I think we have a very solid
laptop here especially given it has a
13th gen i7 13700 H that is 14 cores for
you 32 GB of RAM 5200 me transfers per
second so maybe we can swap it out oh
but it says row chips probably not a 1
TB SSD Intel WiFi 6 love to see that and
just integrated Graphics but that is
what you expect from a laptop that is
like this this display looks really good
let me look at our results for our
display this is IPS 2560 x600 and 16 by
10 which I do really appreciate it looks
quite fantastic to me 100% coverage of
srgb and 120 HZ refresh rate that is
pretty darn good oh damn I was expecting
the accuracy to be pretty mediocre but
our Labs tested it so 99.5% of srgb that
is quite good and the accuracy in srgb
is fantastic with an average Delta e of
1.6 so you can actually do professional
color work on this thing right here and
trust that the colors will be accurate
that said you can't go all the way out
to Adobe RGB or DCI P3 but most content
on the Internet is srgb anyway so you're
not going to be missing out a whole lot
also with a brightness of 41 nits it's
bright enough for most indoor situations
outdoor you're going to struggle a
little bit oh no HDR though which is a
bit unfortunate all right let's give
this keyboard a little go
the keyboard is not bad I'm going to
give it a solid B it's not inconsistent
at all they've actually really nailed
the consistency between the keys and if
you look the stability itself is also
really quite good and this is aided by
the chassis stiffness being excellent
across here too the problem is that the
switches themselves are just very not
satisfying they're really mushy like you
can just hear it
like yeah you can probably tell from
that that they're just not satisfying at
all to type on but that said I can get
up to full speed so actually let's give
them a B+ it's not going to hold you
back you're just you're not going to
enjoy your time with
it very similar with the trackpad it
isn't super big cuz a bunch of it's
getting taken up by your earphones
here and the clicks same sort of thing
it's but that said I haven't had it
misclicking like even though you can
hear two clicks here it's not triggering
the right click when I don't want it to
the tracking is really quite good so
overall the inputs I like them I don't
love them but I do like them all right
let's see how it is in rocket League
this is pretty promising actually the
frame pacing isn't great like I'm having
lows sometimes dipping into 30s but at
1080p I am getting a solid 90 FPS like I
was able to hit that into the net that's
not too bad this is definitely aided by
it being 120 HZ display this is actually
a much better gaming experience than I
would expect for a laptop like
this oh big hitch there low of 8 FPS for
a second not fantastic oh wait I need to
put it in what what's the mode called
Berserker mode one sec Berserker mode
there we go we're now up to 96 FPS
haven't seen any big dips yet oh we're
over 100 hot Dam I am surprised how
smoothly that went I have seen actual
gaming laptops that have much worse
experiences than that right there and
with the i7 in this you can play 3D
games and not have a terrible time as
long as they're not
too graphically demanding for our Labs
testing we compared it to an HP Pavilion
which does have a 12th gen chip
unfortunately but it is also a slight
more expensive laptop and
the and the ja just destroyed the HP
it's actually for what it is quite a
fast little machine I am impressed oh
and we did test it in balanced mode
which has a silly name battle mode I
love the modes it's seal battle and
Berserker and here's our non-gaming
performance it actually did pretty good
especially in puug bench is there
anything else oh webcam we can't find
your camera that confirms that our
webcam switch works just fantastic and
it actually doesn't look too bad it's
only 720p but at the same time it's
exposing pretty well for my face I don't
look like a tomato or anything like that
there it's overexposing a lot but is it
going to figure it out there we
go I'm actually perfectly happy with
this webcam it is neither good or bad it
just is oh they didn't they didn't
oh oh no heads oh hate it I was going to
say eight Philips head screws later and
we're in but I need to yep that's never
going back on the same damn it guys all
right 10 Phillips head screws and a
ruined rubber foot later and we are in
oh you can just see them right there
hello all right so here we can see our
heat pipe Arrangement it is just two
heat pipes and two little fans but at
the same time for just an Intel chip
it's pretty decent and we did see that
the performance is quite good right here
we have our SSD can we put double-sided
in
here yep double-sided SSD passes that
goes in just fine down here we have our
battery it is 52 W hours and got a
little bit over 6 hours of battery life
in our endurance test which is not bad
but not amazing I do kind of wish I the
amount that I would give up these
earphones in here for for just more
battery right there is I would not even
think about it I would do that in a
second but that said overall I'm I'm
pretty impressed with this machine can't
upgrade the RAM but you can game on it
and do lots of stuff 32 GB of RAM i7
that 120 HZ panel that's Quad HD for
$830 not bad the only unfortunate thing
about it is that uh you probably can't
buy it unless you're watching it on
Billy bellly hey guys it is a China only
laptop but if you can figure out how to
procure it it's a pretty fantastic
little machine I like it and I hope that
you can procure just a fantastic old day
hit like get subscribed and I'll see you
later